User Agreement
Overview

This user agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) applies to the products (hereinafter referred to as this product) of Dongguan Tongtianxing Software Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as we and the company). This agreement is for you (individual) Or a single entity) and the company have reached a legally binding legal agreement on the use of this product. The legal agreement includes, but is not limited to, all the terms of this page, the Privacy Policy, and our separate policies or service rules (if any) that we publish for certain product functions.  

Please read the following terms carefully before using this product. You download, install or use the product or click I agree to indicate that you have read this agreement and fully understand and abide by all the terms of this agreement, including exemption clauses that exempt or limit the company's liability, user rights limitation clauses, and agreements Dispute resolution methods, etc., these clauses are marked in bold. If you do not agree to all or part of this agreement, please do not download, install and use this product.  
1. Rights Statement
1.1 Intellectual Property

The company owns all rights including the ownership and intellectual property rights of this product. This product is protected by the intellectual property laws of China and other countries and international intellectual property conventions (including but not limited to copyright laws, trademark laws, patent laws, etc.). All rights not granted to you are reserved by the company, and you cannot remove the company's copyright mark or other rights declarations from this product.  
1.2 Software ownership is reserved

You are sure that you do not have the ownership of the software, the software has not been sold to the user, and the company reserves the ownership of the software.
2. License
2.1 Licensing

The company grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-commercial, and revocable license to download, install, back up and use this product. The company authorizes you to use this product on mobile devices only for personal non-commercial purposes. If you want to use this product for other purposes not authorized by the company or other commercial purposes, you must obtain a separate written permission from the company.  

2.2 Limit

Unless there are express provisions for certain third-party software or permitted by applicable laws, you may not modify, translate, reverse compile, reverse engineer, or decompile part or all of this software without the company's written permission.  


3. User Behavior
3.1

If you publish relevant user content while using the company's products or services, you are responsible for all user content you publish. User content refers to all content generated when you publish or otherwise use this product (for example: your information, sounds, pictures or other content). You are the only person responsible for your user content, and you will bear all legal responsibilities for your user content that violates laws and laws and infringes on the rights and interests of third parties.
3.2

In the course of use, you will bear all legal responsibilities arising from the following actions, and the company will not bear any responsibility for your following actions:

    Undermine the basic principles established by the Constitution;

    Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, or undermining national unity;

    Damage to national honor and interests;

    Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity;

    Destroying the state's religious policies and promoting cults and feudal superstitions;

    Spread rumors, disrupt social order, and undermine social stability;

    Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or abet crime;

    Insult or slander others, and infringe the lawful rights and interests of others;

    Contains other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.

3.3

You agree not to engage in the following behaviors through this product:

    Publish or share computer viruses, worms, malicious code, software that deliberately destroys or alters computer systems or data;

    Unauthorized collection of other users’ information or data, such as illegal collection of third parties’ personal information infringes on the privacy of third parties or other legal civil rights;

    Use this product maliciously in an automated way, cause excessive burden on the server or interfere with or damage the server and network link of this product in other ways;

    Interfere with or destroy the use of other users of this product;

    Modify, crack, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer this product without the authorization of the company, and release the modified version, cracked version, etc. of this product;

3.4 Cost

Our products or services are free, including but not limited to personal Internet access or communication fees, information fees and other related fees charged by third parties (including but not limited to telecommunications or mobile communication providers).
4. Function adjustment, improvement and upgrade

We may make adjustments, improvements, additions and reductions to our products from time to time to continuously adapt to our operational needs. Any updated version or future version or other changes of this product are also subject to this agreement.


5. No warranty statement
5.1
Before releasing this product, the company has done as much as possible detailed technical and functional tests on the product, but in view of the complexity of electronic equipment, operating system, and network environment, the company cannot guarantee that this product will be compatible with all users' electronic equipment, And there is no guarantee that users will continue to be free from any technical failures during the use of this product.

5.2
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the company cannot make any express, implied and mandatory guarantees for products or services, including but not limited to software compatibility; the product must meet your needs or expectations; or the product will be uninterrupted, Timely, safe, or error-free operation.  

5.3
Due to the free and open characteristics of the network environment, our products or services may be modified, cracked and published on the Internet by third parties without authorization. It is recommended that users use the company's official application channels, such as the official website, and third-party application stores that the company has applied for certification. Download and install our products, we will not take any responsibility for any unofficial version.  

6. Force majeure and limitation of liability

6.1 Force majeure

During the validity period of this agreement, if a force majeure event is encountered, either party can temporarily suspend the performance of its obligations under this agreement until the impact of the force majeure event is eliminated, and the affected party does not need to bear the responsibility for breach of contract, but should promptly notify the other party of the force majeure event, And try our best to overcome the incident and reduce the expansion of losses. Force majeure refers to events beyond the control, unforeseen or unavoidable even if foreseen by the parties, and the event is sufficient to hinder, affect or delay any party's performance of all or part of its obligations under this agreement. The incident includes, but is not limited to, natural disasters, wars, changes in laws and regulations, government orders, computer viruses, hacker attacks, or service interruptions of basic telecom operators, etc.  

7. Personal Information Protection
It is our consistent philosophy to protect the safety of users and personal information and maintain user privacy, and we run through the process of establishing, developing and operating all products or services. In order to continuously optimize the user experience and provide users with more personalized and intelligent content and services, we will collect your personal and non-personal information. When you use a specific product, you can check the Privacy Policy about the product to learn about the content of the information we collect, the purpose of use, and how to protect your information. The Privacy Policy forms part of this agreement.

8. Other
8.1 Notic.
All questions, notices, requests or requests related to this agreement should be written in Chinese and sent to our company's mailbox: [sales@g-sky.cn]

8.2 Modification of this agreement

Due to business expansion, adjustments, or changes in laws and regulations, the company may modify this agreement in due course to the extent permitted by law. If the adjustment will have a significant impact on your rights and obligations, we will try our best to inform you via email, in-app notification, etc. We recommend that you visit our website and mobile applications regularly to pay attention to any changes to this agreement. After the modification of this agreement, your continued use of this product represents your acceptance of the contents of the modified agreement.